Add optional units and uncertainties support with comprehensive geometry integration (#1483)
compas-dev/compas: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* Added support for `.stp` file extension in addition to `.step` for `RhinoBrep.from_step()` and `RhinoBrep.to_step()` methods.

> * Added optional units and uncertainties support using `pint` and `uncertainties` libraries.
>   - Added `compas.units` module with `UnitRegistry` for managing physical units with graceful degradation.
>   - Added proper JSON serialization/deserialization for `pint.Quantity` and `uncertainties.UFloat` objects using COMPAS dtype/data pattern.
>   - Added `PintQuantityEncoder` and `UncertaintiesUFloatEncoder` for clean integration with COMPAS data serialization framework.
>   - Added comprehensive test suite covering units functionality, serialization, and backward compatibility.
>   - Maintains 100% backward compatibility - existing code works unchanged.
>   - Supports gradual typing approach where unit-aware inputs produce unit-aware outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added optional support for units and uncertainties (via `pint.Quantity` and `uncertainties.UFloat`) including data serialization/deserialization support. Support is built around gradual typing, where unit-aware inputs produce unit-aware outputs.
* Added `compas.units.UnitRegistry` for managing physical units with graceful degradation.
```
